SIP-0074: Smart Contracts Upgrade Electron (#74)
DistributedCollective/SIPS: SIP-0074.md

   **Solution:** The bug is resolved with [PR#520](https://github.com/DistributedCollective/Sovryn-smart-contracts/pull/520).
   
3. **VestingLogic Contract Refactoring: Removal of vestings cancelling & allowance for partial withdrawal**  
   3.1. A legacy and unnecessary Team Vesting cancelling function in the VestingLogic contract has been a source of confusion  
     and it has already been optimized by moving it to the Staking contract.  
        _The function is removed from the VestingLogic contract._  
   3.2. Vesting contracts with more than 44 unlocked periods are deadlocked due to a block gas limit issue.    
        _A new function is introduced to allow withdrawals of unlocked amounts in chunks._    

   **Solution:** Resolved in the Sovryn-smart-contracts repository [PR#529](https://github.com/DistributedCollective/Sovryn-smart-contracts/pull/529).
   
5. **EIP-2612 Bug in DLLR Function transferWithPermit: Extracting from a transaction and front-running permit causes the transaction failure**  
   This vulnerability was reported by a researcher in the Immunefi Bug Bounty Program.    

>    Mynt DLLR contract function `transferWithPermit` is vulnerable to a Grief attack. An attacker can extract permit parameters from a transaction in the mempool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Mynt DLLR contract function `transferWithPermit` is vulnerable to a griefing attack. An attacker can extract permit parameters from a transaction in the mempool
```

Author: applied

>    and front run its execution before the transaction, causing it to fail because its nonce is already used for this permittion by the attacker.
>    The DLLR contract is not upgradable, but we found a workaround - use a Uniswap [Permit2](https://github.com/Uniswap/permit2) contract which wraps any ERC-20 token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and front run its execution before the transaction, causing it to fail because its nonce is already used for this permission by the attacker.
   The DLLR contract is not upgradable, but a workaround has been found - use a Uniswap [Permit2](https://github.com/Uniswap/permit2) contract which wraps any ERC-20 token
```

Author: applied
